Added 2 sandbox samples (#919)
GoogleChrome/chrome-extensions-samples: api-samples/sandbox/sandboxed-content/sandboxed-content.md

# Sandboxed Content

This sample creates a tab containing a sandboxed iframe (`sandbox.html`).

> The sandbox uses `eval()` function to write some HTML to its own document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sandbox calls `eval()` to write some HTML to its own document.
```

## Overview

> The default packaged app Content Security Policy (CSP) value disallows the use of eval() so using a sandbox is necessary to make use of external resources for this extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default packaged app Content Security Policy (CSP) value disallows the use of `eval()` so using a sandbox is necessary to use external resources for this extension.
```
